catch22_DN_OutlierInclude_n_001_mdrmd                   outlier_timing_neg	    distribution,outliers
catch22_DN_OutlierInclude_p_001_mdrmd                   outlier_timing_pos	    distribution,outliers
catch22_DN_HistogramMode_5                              mode_5                  distribution,location
catch22_DN_HistogramMode_10                             mode_10                 distribution,location
catch22_SC_FluctAnal_2_dfa_50_1_2_logi_prop_r1          dfa	                    scaling
catch22_SB_TransitionMatrix_3ac_sumdiagcov              transition_variance     symbolic,transitionmat
catch22_FC_LocalSimple_mean1_tauresrat                  whiten_timescale	    forecasting
catch22_SB_MotifThree_quantile_hh                       entropy_pairs	        symbolic,motifs
catch22_CO_HistogramAMI_even_2_5                        ami2                    information,correlation,AMI
catch22_CO_Embed2_Dist_tau_d_expfit_meandiff            embedding_dist	        correlation,embedding
catch22_SB_BinaryStats_diff_longstretch0                stretch_decreasing	    distribution,stationarity
catch22_MD_hrv_classic_pnn40                            high_fluctuation        medical
catch22_SB_BinaryStats_mean_longstretch1                stretch_high            distribution,stationarity
catch22_FC_LocalSimple_mean3_stderr                     forecast_error	        forecasting
catch22_SP_Summaries_welch_rect_area_5_1                low_freq_power          FourierSpectrum
catch22_SP_Summaries_welch_rect_centroid                centroid_freq           FourierSpectrum
catch22_CO_f1ecac                                       acf_timescale           correlation,timescale
catch22_CO_FirstMin_ac                                  acf_first_min           correlation,timescale
catch22_IN_AutoMutualInfoStats_40_gaussian_fmmi         ami_timescale           information,correlation,AMI
catch22_PD_PeriodicityWang_th0_01                       periodicity             periodicity,spline
catch22_SC_FluctAnal_2_rsrangefit_50_1_logi_prop_r1     rs_range	            scaling
catch22_CO_trev_1_num                                   trev                    correlation,nonlinear
catch22_DN_Mean                                         mean                    distribution,raw,locationDependent
catch22_DN_Spread_Std                                   std                     distribution,raw,spreadDependent
